Does your computer have a whole bunch of programs running secretly in the background, and slowing down your computer?

When your computer is your primary productivity tool, wasted time costs you $$$, as well as harming your mental health by adding extra stress that you really don't need. 

That's exactly what happened to me reguarly on my company laptop. 

Recently, I was writing some code at work, and my computer started to FREEZE! It became totally non-responsive for nearly 30 seconds! 

As a developer, I always hate it when my computer isn't operating blazingly fast, but this time, it was WORSE. 

It was worse because I was pair programming with another developer at that time. The computer freezing was WASTING his time, as well as mine.

I quickly opened Task Manager to see what the culprit was.

And...

I discovered that an auto-update background process, and a virus scan program were burning up my CPU and Hard Disk Access. 

Since I'm on a work computer, there are some programs that I'm not allowed to tinker with. There are a bunch of trackers, and scanners, and low-budget regulatory software. But, that doesn't mean they should prevent me from getting work done...

----

So, I created ProcessAssassin!

It's running right now on my computer as I am typing this.

And I wanted to share this tool with you. You already know if this is a tool that will save you tons of time!

It's trivial to setup, and then just happily runs in the background, killing that processes you specified without any more intervention.

Maybe, there is a scheduled task that automatically relaunches a targeted process every hour. BAM! DEAD!
Maybe, there are some nasty telemetry processes that launch on startup. BAM! DEAD!
Maybe, a program you like is trying to spawn a rogue process in the background. BAM! DEAD!

Process Assassin will kill them whenever they show up, within 2 seconds!

----

Who is ProcessAssassin for?

This is a tool for computer workers who are using machines that they don't have full control over.


Who is ProcessAssassin NOT for?

People with carefully controlled personal computers.


----


How do you get started using Process Assassin?

Process Assassin CLI is Free Open Source Software. 

1) Visit the project Github page
2) Star it 
3) Follow the directions in the README!

That's ALL you have to do to save your valuable time and reduce unneeded stress.

Use Process Assassin to kill runtime launched processes of any kind that you don't want.

----

Do you wish there was a GUI version of this App Available? 

Do you wish there were some other features?

Open or upvote an Issue here:

----

Process Assassin just killed 40+ processes in the time it took me to tell you this story. My text editor probably would have become unresponsive otherwise...

[Insert Sample Image]
